c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\obj\Debug\Slingshot.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\obj\Debug\Slingshot.LogicLayer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\obj\Debug\Slingshot.LogicLayer.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Slingshot.LogicLayer.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Slingshot.LogicLayer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Slingshot.LogicLayer.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\obj\Debug\Slingshot.LogicLayer.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\obj\Debug\Slingshot.Data.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Slingshot\Slingshot.LogicLayer\obj\Debug\Slingshot.LogicLayer.Migrations.updatedCampaignAndRecipientModels.resources
